well hello there thank you for coming
here you're seven years old Wow how
about that what is it like to be seven
years old nowadays very awesome you do
people call you Michael Michelle as I
would they you go by people call me
Michael Michelle they call me Michael
they call me Mimi they call me all sorts
of things they call you Mimi also okay
what should I call you Michelle Michael
Michelle all right I will get in you
with that do you go to school Michael
Michelle well I went to a brick and
mortar but now I got mixed he went to a
what yeah no it's I mean technically
you're totally right in a practical
standpoint that's an insane thing for a
seven-year-old to say so you do not go
to a brick and mortar school no I use
you used to I got mix ish and I missed
like sixty days of school oh good what
like Trump University or something what
is this online school you go to an
online school I feel like I'm outmatched
already on it
may God to help me when you're 12 so you
go to online school are you really
studying when it's online no yes and no
do you have a phone no how old will you
be when you get a phone or something
uh-huh but I want to be now you wanted
any now yeah every kid really wants a
phone right do any of your friends have
phones wow I think you think so but you
don't know are they hiding them probably
so so you have this show and now you
become a very popular person to people
right
guys you know wow I do get recognized
sometimes yes
what's that was at a restaurant Wow Wow
so I have a picture of you from Friday
presenting an award to Mariah Carey
that's well I know her from a lot of
songs mm-hmm
comes to a lot of our parties because
she writes the theme song she in the mix
yeah she wrote the theme song for mixes
how did that happen I know you have no
idea this is when you gave the speech
they had to put you on a box
[Laughter]
are you comfortable speaking in front of
people did you get nervous doing this
you really don't know Wow well that's
good you should never feel nervous
there's no reason it doesn't help to
feel nervous it's not it's not something
that actually assists you in any way
what no not at Enzo right yeah so you're
I don't know I that may be lingo I don't
know so mixed dish takes place in the
80s correct do you know about the 80s
like are there things you see or
references or things you hear on the set
that you go out and I never heard of
that before yes
like what like once we were walking
around the house just ask my mom what's
that what's that what's that what's that
so then we walk across this huge square
thing with a round thing at the end and
we're like hold on let me try to figure
out what it was it's a square thing
where the round thing at the end I don't
know what it is okay go ahead
well we asked my mom now what is that so
she said that's a phone we were like oh
it was a payphone no it was like a it
was like a box phone but like the phone
at the end and you could like like like
like I don't know like pick it up and
talk into it yeah did you try it
everyone said I held it upside down oh
you did did you dial there was it one of
these phones no it was like it was like
it had like it was like it had like the
phone I feel like we're playing charades
right now like you could hold it there
was like the buttons and then there was
like a curly did you take any pictures
with it no no you didn't yeah those
phones don't take pictures they do no
yeah it used to be that a phone would
have to be attached to the wall you
wouldn't you couldn't walk around yeah
and you want to know something crazy in
cars they people didn't have phones it's
true yeah you had the e-coat make calls
from home and if he wanted to make a
phone call you had to pull over it was a
very dark time and really we don't know
what's your favorite music from the 80s
whoa my favorite music please
[Music]
Oh Madonna that's Madonna yeah you like
Madonna huh
yes oh alright does she know this no
what never mind
it's
you know what I am very impressed by
your you're very smart for a
seven-year-old person you know I mean it
really is remarkable well it's very nice
to meet you and congratulations on your
show and Snoop Dogg if you like that
video click the subscribe button but
only if you're ready for commitment